tools: add a common error and update dm-worker intro (#766)
pingcap/docs: tools/dm-worker-intro.md

Binlog replication/Syncer reads the binlog events of the relay log, transforms these events to SQL statements, and then applies these statements to the downstream TiDB.

## Privileges required by DM-worker

This section describes the upstream and downstream database users' privileges required by DM-worker, and the user privileges required by the respective processing unit.

### Upstream database user privileges

The upstream database (MySQL/MariaDB) user must have the following privileges:

| Privilege | Scope |
|----|----|
| `SELECT` | Tables |
| `RELOAD` | Global |
| `REPLICATION SLAVE` | Global |
| `REPLICATION CLIENT` | Global |

If you need to synchronize the data from `db1` to TiDB, execute the following `GRANT` statement:

```sql
GRANT RELOAD,REPLICATION SLAVE, REPLICATION CLIENT ON *.* TO 'your_user'@'your_wildcard_of_host'
GRANT SELECT ON db1.* TO 'your_user'@'your_wildcard_of_host';
```

> If you also need to synchronize the data from other databases into TiDB, make sure the same privileges are granted to those database users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also need to synchronize the data from other databases into TiDB, make sure the same privileges are granted to the user for those database .
```
